feat: add templates for python samples projects (#506)
googleapis/synthtool: synthtool/gcp/templates/python_samples/install_deps.tmpl.rst

Install Dependencies
++++++++++++++++++++

#. Clone python-docs-samples and change directory to the sample directory you want to use.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git

#. Install `pip`_ and `virtualenv`_ if you do not already have them. You may want to refer to the `Python Development Environment Setup Guide`_ for Google Cloud Platform for instructions.

   .. _Python Development Environment Setup Guide:
       https://cloud.google.com/python/setup

> #. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 2.7 and 3.4+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+.
```
